What is Programming ?
    Instruction (Code) - Speaking to the Computer.
    Algorithm - Steps to solve the problem. (Specific Task).

What is Javascript ?
    It is a programming language fo the web.
    JS can update or even change the HTML and CSS.
    JS can calculate, manipulate or even validate the data.

1)Chapter One - Getting Started :-
    It is easy to create a JS file and run the JS code in the browser and its console.
    Just create the JS file with .js extension and then link with the HTML file then run the html to view the JF awsomeness

2)Chapter Two - Console :-
    The console is the browser's terminal.

    Syntax:-
        console.log("Hello World");

        log - It is basically a diary.

3)Chapter Three - Variables :-
    There are three types of variables in JS 
        var - global scope or functional scope
            re-assignable 💹
            re-declarable 
        let - block scope 
            re-assignable 💹
            re-declarable 🟥
        const - block scope
            re-assignable 🟥
            re-declarable 🟥
    
Undefined :-
    Variable defined 💹
    value un defined 🟥

Ways to define and not to define a Variable :-

    Correct Method :-
        CamelCase - let userName; //Most Preferrable.
        BBQ case - let user-name;
        Pascal Casing  - let UserName;
        Dollar Casing - let $userName;
        Normal Casing - let username;
    
    Incorrect Methods used in the beginning :-
        Number Casing - let 1user; in the beginning.
        Throws as error if the variable name starts with special characters expect $ and _

4)Chapter Four - Data Types :-
    In JS there are two main types of data types such as,
        i)Primitive.
        ii)Non-Primitive (Reference).
    
    i)Primitive :-
        String - Group of characters which is grouped in quotes like "", '', ``
        Number - Numeric digits
        Boolean - There are two values in the boolean (true and false) 
        null.
        Undefined.
    
    ii)Non-Primitive (Reference) :-
        Arrays :-
            Collection of many data types that is stored in the single variable.
                ["Hello", 2, null];
            These values are accessed by its index number.The index value starts from 0.
            To checking the total length of the array use .length method to check the length.
            
            There are many methods in array such as,
                Push - Add the element in the last of the array.
                Pop -  Remove the element in the last of the array.
                unshift  - Add the element at the index of 0.
                shift - Removes the element at the index of 0.
        Objects.
            Objects are similar to the arrays, but the values in the objects must contains the key for each element.
                const userName = {
                        name: "value"
                }
            Accessing the object by traversin using "." notation

                userName.name // o/p -> value.